Separate conservation law page (#998)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/model_creation/conservation_laws.md

# [Working with conservation laws](@id conservation_laws)

> Catalyst contain specialised functionality to work with *conserved quantities*, i.e. species quantities which are conserved throughout e.g. a simulation. This functionality is both automatically utilised by Catalyst (e.g. to [remove singular Jacobians during steady state computations](@ref homotopy_continuation_conservation_laws)), but also something that is available for the user to utilise directly (e.g. to [improve simulation performance](@ref ode_simulation_performance_conservation_laws)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catalyst can detect, and eliminate for differential-equation based models, *conserved quantities*, i.e. linear combinations of species which are conserved via the chemistry. This functionality is both automatically utilised by Catalyst (e.g. to [remove singular Jacobians during steady state computations](@ref homotopy_continuation_conservation_laws)), but is also available for users to utilise directly (e.g. to potentially [improve simulation performance](@ref ode_simulation_performance_conservation_laws)).
```

Practically, the `remove_conserved = true` argument can be provided when a `ReactionSystem` is converted to an `ODEProblem`:
```@example conservation_laws
using OrdinaryDiffEq, Plots
u0 = [:X₁ => 80.0, :X₂ => 20.0]
ps = [:k₁ => 10.0, :k₂ => 2.0]
oprob = ODEProblem(rs, u0, (0.0, 1.0), ps; remove_conserved = true)
nothing # hide
```
Here, while `Γ[1]` becomes a parameter of the new system, it has a [default value](@ref dsl_advanced_options_default_vals) equal to the corresponding conservation law. Hence, its value is computed from the initial condition `[:X₁ => 80.0, :X₂ => 20.0]`, and does not need to be provided in the parameter vector. Next, we can simulate and plot our model using normal syntax:
```@example conservation_laws
sol = solve(oprob)
plot(sol)
```
!!! note
    Any species eliminated using `remove_conserved = true` will not be plotted by default. However, it can be added to the plot using [the `idxs` plotting option](@ref simulation_plotting_options). E.g. here we would use `plot(sol; idxs = [:X₁, :X₂])` to plot both species.

!!! danger

>     Currently, there is a bug in MTK where the values associated with conservation laws are not updated properly in response to [`remake`](@ref simulation_structure_interfacing_problems_remake) (or [other problem-updating functions, such as `getu`](@ref simulation_structure_interfacing_functions)). Hence, problems created using `remove_conserved = true` *should not* be modified, i.e. by changing initial conditions or the values of the `Γ`'s directly. Instead, to change these values new problems must be generated with the new initial condition map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Currently, there is a bug in MTK where the parameters, `Γ`, associated with conservation laws are not updated properly in response to [`remake`](@ref simulation_structure_interfacing_problems_remake) (or [other problem-updating functions, such as `getu`](@ref simulation_structure_interfacing_functions)). Hence, problems created using `remove_conserved = true` *should not* be modified, i.e. by changing initial conditions or the values of the `Γ`'s directly. Instead, to change these values new problems must be generated with the new initial condition map.
```
